feat: improved getting-started section (#732)
ansys/pyansys-geometry: doc/source/getting_started/docker/linux_container.rst

.. _ref_linux_docker:

> Geometry Service as a Linux Docker container

Author: The links are on purpose, especially when dealing with large documents I find it useful to have the TOC at the beginning. The "problem" is that it also shows up on the right side - but that's also good because as you scroll down, you still have access to the TOC. @PipKat any feedback here?

> Geometry Service as a Linux Docker container

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Geometry service as a Linux Docker container
```

> Geometry Service as a Linux Docker container

Author: I just found out one can remove the links of the headers and keep the TOC. Going ahead with that.

==============================================

.. contents::

.. _ref_running_linux_containers:

> Running Linux Docker containers

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Running a Linux Docker container
```

> Running Linux Docker containers
> ---------------------------------

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Running the Linux Docker container
-----------------------------------
```

To run the Linux Docker container for the Geometry service, ensure that you follow
these steps when installing Docker:

.. tab-set::

    .. tab-item:: Linux machines

>        If you are on a Linux machine, install `Docker for your distribution <https://docs.docker.com/engine/install/#server>`_

Author: That formatting is different indeed, but I don't think we have control over it. I'll look into it

    .. tab-item:: Windows/MacOS machines

       #. Install `Docker Desktop for Windows <https://docs.docker.com/desktop/install/windows-install/>`_ or
          `Docker Desktop for MacOS <https://docs.docker.com/desktop/install/mac-install/>`_.

>        #. **(On Windows)** When prompted for **Use WSL2 instead of Hyper-V (recommended)**, **UNTICK** this checkbox.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
       #. **(On Windows)** When prompted for **Use WSL2 instead of Hyper-V (recommended)**, clear this checkbox.
```
All style guides say you select a check box or clear a check box.

>           Hyper-V must be enabled to run Windows Docker containers - which you might be interested in doing in the future.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
          Hyper-V must be enabled to run Windows Docker containers, which you might be interested in doing in the future.
```

>        #. Once the installation finishes, restart your machine, and start Docker Desktop.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
       #. Once the installation finishes, restart your machine and start Docker Desktop.
```

Author: Point taken! Thanks @PipKat!

Now that your Docker engine supports running Linux Docker containers, you can build or install
the PyAnsys Geometry image.

Build or install the Geometry Service image
-------------------------------------------

> There are two options for users to install the PyAnsys Geometry image:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
There are two options for installing the PyAnsys Geometry image:
```

* Downloading it from the :ref:`GitHub Container Registry <ref_linux_docker_ghcr>`.

> * :ref:`Building the Geometry Service Linux container <ref_linux_docker_fromscratch>`.

Reviewer: It would be nice to not using the -ing (gerun) form of the verb put the simple verb (Download... and Build...). This is the recommendation from the Google developer documentation style guide. It makes links cleaner/easier to use.

.. _ref_linux_docker_ghcr:

GitHub Container Registry
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

> .. note::

Author: I wanted to avoid too many "warnings" following  @PipKat's suggestions in past PRs - but it might make sense 😄

> .. note::

Reviewer: Here are the Google style guidelines on annotations:https://developers.google.com/style/notices. If you think it is critical, use the warning!

> .. note::

Author: Let's leave it as note for now. If we see many users start asking, we will raise its level

    This option is only available for users with write access to the repository or
    part of the Ansys organization.

Once Docker is installed on your machine, follow these steps to download the Linux Docker
container for the Geometry service and install this image.

#. Using your GitHub credentials, download the Docker image from the `PyAnsys Geometry repository <https://github.com/ansys/pyansys-geometry>`_
   on GitHub.

#. Use a GitHub personal access token with permission for reading packages to authorize Docker
   to access this repository. For more information, see `Managing your personal access tokens
   <https://docs.github.com/en/authentication/keeping-your-account-and-data-secure/managing-your-personal-access-tokens>`_
   in the GitHub documentation.

#. Save the token to a file with this command:

   .. code-block:: bash

       echo XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX > GH_TOKEN.txt

> #. Authorize Docker to access the repository. To see the commands to run, click the tab for your OS.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#. Authorize Docker to access the repository. For the commands to run, click the tab for your OS.
```

   .. tab-set::

       .. tab-item:: Linux/Mac

           .. code-block:: bash

               GH_USERNAME=<my-github-username>
               cat GH_TOKEN.txt | docker login ghcr.io -u $GH_USERNAME --password-stdin

       .. tab-item:: Powershell

           .. code-block:: pwsh

               $env:GH_USERNAME=<my-github-username>
               cat GH_TOKEN.txt | docker login ghcr.io -u $env:GH_USERNAME --password-stdin

       .. tab-item:: Windows CMD

           .. code-block:: bash

               SET GH_USERNAME=<my-github-username>
               type GH_TOKEN.txt | docker login ghcr.io -u %GH_USERNAME% --password-stdin

#. Pull the Geometry service locally using Docker with a command like this:

   .. code:: bash

      docker pull ghcr.io/ansys/geometry:linux-latest

.. _ref_linux_docker_fromscratch:

> Building the Geometry Service Linux container
> ^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Build the Geometry service Linux container
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^
```
Again, using the simple verb form in headings is preferred. Also, the recommendation is not to have more than 3 adjectives before a noun--and here we have four, which is hard to read. Can we rewrite the title as "Build the Linux container for the Geometry service"?

Author: Yes, I will make all the changes necessary to avoid the -ing form =)

The Geometry service Docker containers can be easily built by following
these steps.

Inside the repository's ``docker`` folder, there are two ``Dockerfile`` files:

> * ``Dockerfile.linux``: this file builds the Linux-based Docker image.
> * ``Dockerfile.windows``: this file builds the Windows-based Docker image.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* ``Dockerfile.linux``: File for building the Linux-based Docker image.
* ``Dockerfile.windows``: File for building the Windows-based Docker image.
```

> Depending on the characteristics of the Docker engine installed in your

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Depending on the characteristics of the Docker engine installed on your
```

> machine, either one or the other has to be built. For example:

Author: ```suggestion
machine, either one or the other has to be built.
```

> In this guide, focus is set on building the ``Dockerfile.linux`` image.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This guide focuses on building the ``Dockerfile.linux`` image.
```

Prerequisites
~~~~~~~~~~~~~

> * Ensure that ``docker`` is installed in your machine.
>   If you do not have ``docker`` available, please refer to
>   :ref:`Running Linux Docker containers <ref_running_linux_containers>`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Ensure that ``docker`` is installed on your machine.
  If you do not have ``docker`` available, see
  :ref:`Running Linux Docker containers <ref_running_linux_containers>`.
```
Can we remove the literal tag here and just use Docker with no tagging--as a proper noun?

* Download the `latest Linux Dockerfile <https://github.com/ansys/pyansys-geometry/blob/main/docker/Dockerfile.linux>`_.

* Download the `latest release artifacts for the Linux
  Docker container (ZIP file) <https://github.com/ansys/pyansys-geometry/releases/latest/download/linux-binaries.zip>`_.

* Move this ``.zip`` file to the location of the Linux Dockerfile previously downloaded.

Building the Docker images
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

> In order to build your image, follow the next instructions:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To build your image, follow these steps:
```
In order to .... should always be "To ...." The words "In order" add no meaning.

> #. Locate yourself at the folder where the ``.zip`` file and the Dockerfile are placed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#. Navigate to the folder where the ``.zip`` file and the Dockerfile are located.
```

> #. Run the following Docker command:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#. Run this Docker command:
```

  .. code:: bash

     docker build -t ghcr.io/ansys/geometry:linux-latest -f Dockerfile.linux .

#. Check that the image has been created successfully. You should see an output similar

>    to this one when running the following command:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   to this one:
```
Isn't the code block showing the output from the previous command? This is what I thought--and why I removed the text that I did.

  .. code:: bash

     docker images

     >>> REPOSITORY                                               TAG                                IMAGE ID       CREATED          SIZE
     >>> ghcr.io/ansys/geometry                                   linux-******                       ............   X seconds ago    Y.ZZGB
     >>> ......                                                   ......                             ............   ..............   ......

> .. START - Include the common text for launching the service from a Docker Container

Reviewer: ```suggestion
.. START - Include the common text for launching the service from a Docker container
```

.. include:: ./common_docker.rst

> .. END - Include the common text for launching the service from a Docker Container

Reviewer: ```suggestion
.. END - Include the common text for launching the service from a Docker container
```

.. button-ref:: index
    :ref-type: doc
    :color: primary
    :shadow:
    :expand:

>     Go back to *Geometry service using Docker*

Reviewer: Why the use of italic here. The other "Go back to" button didn't have. We could also probably delete "back" and have the button be "Go to ....".

Author: Sounds great - will do that
